For Ember Times No. 99: Ember CLI Fastboot Testing (#119)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-05-18-the-ember-times-issue-99.md

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Network Mocking for Your Fastboot App with Ember CLI Fastboot Testing 👢💨](https://twitter.com/samselikoff/status/1126510237723193345)

Building a [Fastboot](https://ember-fastboot.com/) powered Ember application? Struggling with **writing meaningful tests** for it, that take into account outgoing network requests?

Imagine if you could **mock network requests** for your Fastboot test suite with ease, just as you already do using [Ember CLI Mirage](https://www.ember-cli-mirage.com/) when testing the client-side of your app.

> Your testing dreams have just come true! [Ember CLI Fastboot Testing](https://embermap.github.io/ember-cli-fastboot-testing/) provides you with useful test helpers and a mock server for intercepting requests from your Fastboot app while testing. Learn how to mock network requests with it by checking out this [amazing introduction](https://embermap.com/video/fastboot-network-mocking) over at [our friends' at EmberMap](https://embermap.com) and test away ✨

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your testing dreams have just come true! [Ember CLI Fastboot Testing](https://embermap.github.io/ember-cli-fastboot-testing/) provides you with useful test helpers and a mock server for intercepting requests from your Fastboot app while testing. Learn how to mock network requests with it by checking out this [amazing introduction](https://embermap.com/video/fastboot-network-mocking) by [our friends at EmberMap](https://embermap.com) and test away ✨
```
